msal-logging-dotnet.md - Updates to MSAL logging documentation (#97253)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory/develop/msal-logging-dotnet.md

> In MSAL logging is set at application creation using the `.WithLogging` builder modifier. This method takes optional parameters:

Reviewer: the newer log method does not take optional params.

> - `IIdentityLogger` The logging implementation MSAL will send its logs too after chacking if logging is enabled.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `IIdentityLogger` is the logging implementation used by MSAL.NET to produce logs for debugging or health checks purposes. Logs are only sent if logging is enabled.
```

- `PiiLoggingEnabled` enables you to log personal and organizational data (PII) if set to true. By default this is set to false, so that your application does not log personal data.

#### IIdentityLogger Interface
```CSharp

>     public interface IIdentityLogger

Reviewer 2: It might be useful to have the namespace?

Reviewer 2: Or have a link to the reference documentation?

    {
        //
        // Summary:
        //     Checks to see if logging is enabled at given eventLogLevel.
        //
        // Parameters:
        //   eventLogLevel:
        //     Log level of a message.
        bool IsEnabled(EventLogLevel eventLogLevel);

        //
        // Summary:
        //     Writes a log entry.
        //
        // Parameters:
        //   entry:
        //     Defines a structured message to be logged at the provided Microsoft.IdentityModel.Abstractions.LogEntry.EventLogLevel.
        void Log(LogEntry entry);
    }
```

> #### IIdentityLogger Implementation

Reviewer: Can you add an example of an adapter from Microsoft.Extension.Logging's ILogger as well?

Reviewer 2: You might also want to say that partner libraries provide implementations already of this interface for various environments (in particular ASP.NET Core)

###### Log Level as Environment Variable

It is highly recommended to configure your code to use an environment variable on the machine to set the log level as it will enable your code to change the MSAL logging level without needing to rebuild the application. This is critical for diagnostic purposes, enabling us to quickly gather the required logs from the application that is currently deployed and in production.

See [EventLogLevel](https://github.com/AzureAD/azure-activedirectory-identitymodel-extensions-for-dotnet/blob/dev/src/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Abstractions/EventLogLevel.cs) for details on the available log levels.

> Example: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following code is an example of such an implementation. Note that if you use .NET core configuration, environment variable driven logs levels can be provided for free, in addition to the configuration file based log levels.
```
